Fixed some typos in Meaningless work (#388)
DXHeroes/knowledge-base-content: problems/meaningless_work.md

On the other hand, the feeling of meaningless work is something that the team can overcome. What makes the team think that the work is meaningless? The list is huge: excessive emails, pointless meetings, constant interruptions, boss’ unreasonable behavior, meaningless activities, lack of collaboration, or ["Not My Problem" mentality](/problems/not-my-problem-mentality) in the team.

The management should be aware of how the employees feel. If they are not motivated and think that their work is meaningless, the management should do some changes. It could be an anonymous evaluation, experimenting with removing some activities, or monitoring the employees’ performances. For some more tips on how to “unstuck” the team, see [Liberationist: A Simple Exercise That Will Unstuck Your Team Immediately](https://blog.liberationist.org/a-simple-exercise-that-will-unstuck-your-team-immediately-d294d5ad1bc7).

## Reasons for the Meaningless Work

- **The product does not have customers**

>    Typical for startups without validated assignments or prototyping. There are plenty of techniques for the validation, such as [Lean Canvas](/practices/lean-canvas).

Reviewer: Why would you prefer to pluralize this?

- **Neverending meetings or useless reports consume time**
   Cut them down by regular [Rituals](/tags/rituals). The goal is to find a balance between having too many and too little rituals.
- **Lack of information**

>   The developers do not understand why they have implemented this thing. They did not get any explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The developers do not understand why they have to implement this thing. They did not get any explanation.
```
